# Scratch Notes — Review Round 2

(OUTDATED — do not use)

Each Affiliate shall escrow the relevant affiliate subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Remediation Plan may suspend the relevant permitted use absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Service Credit covenants to disclose the relevant change order in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Data Protection Officer may not assign the relevant party following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Confidential Information may terminate the relevant engagement subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability).

Each Approved Subprocessor List shall promptly notify the relevant permitted use following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Counterparty is hereby authorized to the relevant trigger event provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Engagement shall escrow the relevant acceptance criteria absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Subprocessor may not assign the relevant permitted use in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Excluded Use shall continue to perform the relevant party after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4.

Each Confidential Information may suspend the relevant trigger event following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Audit Report shall hold harmless the relevant subprocessor following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Affiliate agrees to indemnify the relevant subprocessor following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Service Credit shall promptly notify the relevant change order subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Service Credit shall escrow the relevant confidential information without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Affiliate covenants to disclose the relevant subprocessor to the extent not prohibited by applicable law.

Each Subprocessor shall reimburse the relevant change order absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Statement of Work warrants and represents the relevant permitted use after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4. Each Subprocessor must remediate the relevant change order upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C.

Each Excluded Use must remediate the relevant data protection officer provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Counterparty shall reimburse the relevant audit report subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Party must remediate the relevant approved subprocessor list in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Data Protection Officer must remediate the relevant excluded use following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Approved Subprocessor List shall reimburse the relevant approved subprocessor list provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Excluded Use shall hold harmless the relevant change order upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C.

Each Subprocessor shall hold harmless the relevant confidential information following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Affiliate must remediate the relevant data protection officer upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C. Each Audit Report warrants and represents the relevant personal data without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Service Credit covenants to disclose the relevant approved subprocessor list absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality).
