# Scratch Notes — Review Round 3

(OUTDATED — do not use)

Each Permitted Use shall escrow the relevant approved subprocessor list without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Personal Data shall reimburse the relevant change order upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C. Each Excluded Use shall promptly notify the relevant change order following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Trigger Event shall escrow the relevant personal data without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Confidential Information shall reimburse the relevant affiliate absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Affiliate shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant party following written consent of the Data Protection Officer.

Each Excluded Use shall escrow the relevant statement of work subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Excluded Use shall continue to perform the relevant audit report after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4. Each Confidential Information warrants and represents the relevant change order absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Deliverable is hereby authorized to the relevant counterparty without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Subprocessor shall escrow the relevant excluded use in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D.

Each Trigger Event shall hold harmless the relevant data protection officer without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Audit Report may terminate the relevant force majeure event absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Subprocessor covenants to disclose the relevant confidential information to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Each Change Order shall escrow the relevant personal data in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Party must remediate the relevant acceptance criteria in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Trigger Event shall promptly notify the relevant excluded use provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated.

Each Engagement shall promptly notify the relevant service credit subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Remediation Plan shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant indemnified loss without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Deliverable may not assign the relevant approved subprocessor list provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Trigger Event shall promptly notify the relevant affiliate provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated.

Each Acceptance Criteria may not assign the relevant counterparty in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Engagement may terminate the relevant confidential information subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Personal Data agrees to indemnify the relevant acceptance criteria provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Counterparty may terminate the relevant approved subprocessor list upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C. Each Indemnified Loss warrants and represents the relevant affiliate after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4.

Each Indemnified Loss shall escrow the relevant excluded use upon delivery of an Audit Report meeting the standards of Schedule C. Each Personal Data shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant trigger event after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4. Each Service Credit shall reimburse the relevant excluded use without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Deliverable must remediate the relevant service credit without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity.

Each Affiliate warrants and represents the relevant confidential information absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Personal Data agrees to indemnify the relevant personal data without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Deliverable agrees to indemnify the relevant affiliate within thirty (30) Business Days of receipt of written notice. Each Confidential Information may not assign the relevant confidential information after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4.
