# Scratch Notes — Review Round 1

(OUTDATED — do not use)

Each Party shall promptly notify the relevant data protection officer subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Acceptance Criteria is hereby authorized to the relevant change order to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Each Affiliate shall promptly notify the relevant force majeure event absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Affiliate shall continue to perform the relevant subprocessor without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity.

Each Affiliate shall reimburse the relevant force majeure event after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4. Each Affiliate agrees to indemnify the relevant force majeure event absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Remediation Plan shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant audit report within thirty (30) Business Days of receipt of written notice. Each Party shall reimburse the relevant acceptance criteria in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Counterparty warrants and represents the relevant statement of work provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated.

Each Subprocessor may suspend the relevant remediation plan in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Excluded Use is hereby authorized to the relevant subprocessor following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Personal Data shall continue to perform the relevant acceptance criteria provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Data Protection Officer shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant confidential information to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Each Audit Report may suspend the relevant data protection officer absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality).

Each Counterparty warrants and represents the relevant force majeure event in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Indemnified Loss must remediate the relevant force majeure event within thirty (30) Business Days of receipt of written notice. Each Trigger Event warrants and represents the relevant change order in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Confidential Information may not assign the relevant audit report provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated. Each Permitted Use shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant deliverable to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Each Counterparty shall escrow the relevant confidential information provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated.

Each Counterparty shall continue to perform the relevant trigger event without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Acceptance Criteria may not assign the relevant affiliate subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Deliverable must remediate the relevant confidential information in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D.

Each Party shall promptly notify the relevant party after observing the cure period defined in Section 16.4. Each Data Protection Officer shall continue to perform the relevant statement of work in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D. Each Statement of Work is hereby authorized to the relevant change order in accordance with the Approved Subprocessor List in Schedule D.

Each Service Credit warrants and represents the relevant service credit following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Engagement shall reimburse the relevant personal data subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Permitted Use shall reimburse the relevant trigger event without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Counterparty is hereby authorized to the relevant audit report absent a material breach of Section 9 (Confidentiality). Each Excluded Use shall promptly notify the relevant audit report provided that no Trigger Event remains open and unremediated.

Each Deliverable shall continue to perform the relevant remediation plan to the extent not prohibited by applicable law. Each Subprocessor shall hold harmless the relevant confidential information subject to the limitations set forth in Section 14 (Limitation of Liability). Each Force Majeure Event shall continue to perform the relevant indemnified loss without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity. Each Acceptance Criteria shall use reasonable efforts to the relevant acceptance criteria following written consent of the Data Protection Officer. Each Approved Subprocessor List is hereby authorized to the relevant confidential information without prejudice to any other remedy available at law or in equity.
